# hopping-web | Code Portfolio

## hoppingmode-web-frontend

### Introduction

Hello World!

I've built this website to demonstrate my knowledge and history working with different programming languages over my tenure as a Software Engineer.

Please note: all projects listed could still be in development, meaning some of them may still be in an incomplete state. I'll do my best to indicate which are the most interesting.

### Projects

I am an avid learner driven by curiosity. You may notice that the projects I've worked on encompass a variety of different programming languages and frameworks. I strongly believe that learning from a multitude of languages often inspires innovation across different projects and opens up the mind when it comes to solving new problems.

### My Programming Language Experience

#### Professional Experience

- Java - Worked with for the longest, both professionally and casually. Professional work included building scalable RESTful API backend microservices using the Spring Framework.
- JavaScript/TypeScript - Current frontend language I'm working with professionally using the latest releases of Angular.
- HTML/SCSS - Tightly coupled with my work in JavaScript and TypeScript.

#### Personal Work and Interests

- React - The language this website was built with and my primary focus for personal development. React Native would be my go-to for further responsive mobile application development.
- Dart (Flutter) - Released a mobile application to the Android Play Store to facilitate the retraining of one's sense of smell and taste after loss. The idea was conceived by an Ear, Nose and Throat surgeon in light of the Covid-19 pandemic and it's symptoms.

#### Others

- Python - Used rarely in a professional environment, but more often for creating personal productivity tools.
- C++ - Projects included implementing machine learning algorithms, multi-threading, parallel and concurrent programming, and 3D graphics using OpenGL.
- C# - Primarily used for videogame development with the Unity Engine.

## hoppingmode-web-api - A REST API for **hoppingmode-web-frontend**

### Description

**hoppingmode-web-api** is a REST API written in Express.js, which acts as a proxy backend to GitHub's REST and GraphQL API, with customized endpoints for **hoppingmode-web-frontend**'s needs. It is an integral services that forms part of the **hoppingmode-web** Docker stack.

### Use

**hoppingmode-web-api** provides the following REST endpoints:

- _/repos_ - retrieves all repositories for the given user.
- _/repos/pinned_ - retrieves all pinned repositories for the given user.
- _/repos/:repoName/languages_ - retrieves the programming language composition of a given project with the given name.
- _/repos/:repoName/readme_ - retrieves the README.md document of a given project with the given name.

The API uses a secret generated by GitHub for use as an authorization bearer token for the API requests to increases the API's request limits.
